# What you need to know about this book

This book is a beginners guide to the JavaScript framework Ember.

## Audience: Programmers with basic JavaScript knowledge.

In order to understand this book, you should have some basic
JavaScript knowledge. If you don't, check out the book "Speaking
JavaScript"[^speakingjs] by Axel Rauschmayer, it's free online.

## Why should I read this book?

This book covers the basic features to help you build Ember
applications. It is written in an informal style and tries to show you
common pitfalls to them teach you how to solve those problems and why
they are bad ideas.

## How to read this book

The book should be read sequentially since every chapter depends on
features built or introduced in previous chapters.

## Can I learn Ember 2.0 with this book?

Yes, this book will help you learn the current version of Ember and
will be updated to reflect future changes (without extra cost), just
make sure you enable email notifications from leanpub.

## But you are still talking about controllers!

If you are following Ember development, you might know controllers are
going away being replaced by something called `Routable
Components`. This book talks about controllers but just the necessary
stuff so you can use features that still depend on them, once
`Routable Components` are official, the book will be updated to
reflect those changes.

## Ember in 2016.

This book is being updated with features from Ember and best practices
in 2016. Is still a work in progress, but if you enable notifications
from Leanpub or follow me on twitter @abuiles, you'll get the
notification when a new version is release.

You can follow the changes in the following pull request
https://github.com/abuiles/ember-101/pull/65.

The upcoming version will use JSON API following the example from
[JSON API By Example](https://leanpub.com/json-api-by-example), remove
PODS, talk about the upcoming structure for projects and give more
importance to the use of components and how to avoid controllers.

## Demo code on GitHub

The repository [borrowers](https://github.com/abuiles/borrowers) contains
the code for the application built in the book.

## Reporting Errata - Suggesting Edits.

This book is licensed under creative commons, you can report errors or
suggest edits in the book's repository
[ember-101](https://github.com/abuiles/ember-101).


I hope you enjoy the book!

<3 Adolfo Builes (a.k.a @abuiles).

[^speakingjs]: http://speakingjs.com/
